\section{Introduction}

% Need a paragrapgh or two to explain why the tool is interesting and
% significant should be provided.

Hybrid system provides a way to model complex dynamical systems which
exhibit both of discrete and continuous behaviors.  This expresive
power allows many areas to adopt it to formulate models. The examples
include flight controllers~\cite{?}, medical equipments~\cite{?}, and
biological systems~\cite{?}.

However, this expresive power limits the possibility of analysis. In
the seminal work of
\cite{DBLP:conf/rex/AlurD91,DBLP:conf/hybrid/AlurCHH92}, it is already
shown that even for simple classes of hybrid automata the problem of
bounded reachability is undecidable. This decidability result has led
verification tools to accept a restricted form of input~\cite{?} or to
over-approximate the set of reachable states of input models~\cite{?}.

In this paper we present \dReach{}, a bounded $\delta$-reachability
analysis tool for nonlinear hybrid systems. Given $\delta$, a positive
rational number, $\delta$-reachability analysis decides whether there
exists a path from an initial-state to an unsafe-state if we
syntactically perturb a given hybrid system and safety condition.  In
contrast to the undecidable result of the general bounded reachability
problem, our previous work~\cite{DBLP:journals/corr/GaoKCC14} proved
that this new formulation is decidable, and has mathematically
tractable complexity (i.e. $\np^{\mathsf{C}}$ for an invariant-free
$H$).

%%% Local Variables:
%%% mode: latex
%%% TeX-master: "main"
%%% End:
